How to Get a Free Meal.
Even if your options are limited and your
pockets are turned inside out, you can still
rustle up some grub.
Consider several ways to feed yourself without
begging or stealing.
You will need Fast food shops Grocery store
coupons Local bars with happy hours Nature
preserves Public functions Restaurants Charitable
organizations and blood drives.
Step 1.
Find or ask for free meal coupons from Mcdonald's,
the Cracker Barrel, and other restaurants.
Look for scratch-off cards and contests to
win free food.
Step 2.
Search for local restaurants that offer free
birthday meals -- usually supplied only if
you are accompanied by a friend who buys their
own.
Some honor veterans, women, and seniors on
certain days of the year.
Step 3.
Hang out at bars during happy hour.
Buy a cheap drink for the opportunity to feast
for a couple hours.
Step 4.
Crash wedding receptions, wakes, church functions,
company picnics, and public promotional giveaways.
Tour major food stores on weekends for promotional
sample displays that might comprise a full
meal when you're done.
Stick around a friend's home until you overstay
your welcome or clean out their pantry.
Step 5.
Volunteer to help a charitable organization
and you can usually get fed, because there
is no other pay.
Donate blood, as well, for which you will
be given sustenance afterward, and still feel
good about what you've done to help others.
Step 6.
Scavenge in the woods for wild edibles that
you can take home, and cook.
Hunt for game if you don't mind cleaning and
cooking it.
Step 7.
Grow your own garden to get quality, fresh,
and safe food at little cost.
Did you know As of 2008, Americans waste 27
percent of consumables every year, or 30 million
tons of food, as recently as 2008.